appeared vélez in liniers
with a climate of extraordinary joy
living an unforgettable date after
of the victory of boconó shares a
time in front of the flu in the bonbon here
is vélez with his illusion with his people
with the frame with joy with the
flags with the firecrackers with the
rockets with the fireworks and
with the papers came to vélez
we wait for the attraction of neymar
we wait for the last champion of
america for the saints
with some challenges that will already be
saying miguelito fernandez the team
local the saint with the base that won the
last Sunday 42 await and the
Paulistao after the year 68 that we
they won a tournament in the region
with a climate of joy as in the
golden nights of vélez sarfield that has
won the liberators cup in a
opportunity
here is vélez and here is juanjo
buscalia hello bambino very good night
for all end climates what
party what atmosphere has generated the
public to see is a crowd in
liniers one irremediably
moves to what was that feat of
1994 with Carlos Bianchi with China see
the head today the two on liniers but
looking at it from outside accompanying
this team full of illusion with some
low as I just told the bambino
and before the defender of the title a
saint who hits by his numbers that
won his group that comes to make him 8 a
bolivar and who wants revenge in the
Club World Cup year - end
murly ramalho team has a very
good operation and has it to neymar
perhaps the great figure the great attraction
that you have internationally
intercontinentally speaking this
Santander Santander Liberators go well
Miguel Fernández Goodnight News
from vélez miguelito or which manuel
now juanjo news four injured
insua and thorium torn fortis with a
flu an infectious focus can not either
play the changes in relation to
match of the cup peru if it appears gino
peruzzi post obvious or just for treatment very
cute the slips the reception
extraordinary but I tell you that the
court is not going to look good